First install the Post Processing Stack v2.0 as shown in Image included (Install figure 1).

Then add the "Volume Fog SM SRP" effect in the stack effects and override its parameters in the Post Process Volume
to adjust it. Note that "Sun", "Camera Diff" & "Camera Roll" overrides should be active (checkbox pressed on the left
of property). Make sure to save the instantiated profile after the activation, otherwise it may
reset when enter play mode. 

The script "controlVolumeFogSRPPOSTFX" can be added to the PostProcessing Volume object and assign the sun light to the effect.

Also the effect requires a camera tagged as "MainCamera" to regulate the effect depending on its orientation.

If Sky Master ULTIMATE is used, drag the "Sun" object transform from Sky Master ULTIMATE sun light to the "Sun" slot 
of the script and will update the sun position at run time to properly based on sun positioning.

The effect is sun position based, thus will require a system like Sky Master ULTIMATE to display
correctly (is based on real sun positioning in sky based on earth center) and has been extensively
tested with it.

Scripting the asset requires to access the post processing stack and change its values at run time.
The script "controlVolumeFogSRPPOSTFX" that provides the sun placement to the system has also
functionality to change the effect properties and can be used as base template for programming the
system to change values at run time. Also a single point light may be defined for use with the system (effect is shadowless).

Note that the system currently only supports Stack v2.0, so works in all Unity version where the stack is supported.

NOTE 1:
Make sure to download and install the latest Stack v2.0 version, as described in the links below

1. Download the latest version
https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/PostProcessing/releases

2. Unzip the folder and Press + Sign in Package Manager to add it (find .json file in the folder)
https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/PostProcessing/issues/683
https://forum.unity.com/threads/r8_srgb-is-not-supported.636058/

NOTE: The effect is compatible with stack v2.0 and is a requirement for it to work properly.